Update README to add pythin3-xml host dependency (#15)
brett060102/ansible-container: README.md

  * based on OpenSUSE Tumbleweed
  * installs ansible and some additional tools
## System Setup ##

> * Podman, python3-xml and python3-rpm are needed on the container host. The run label commands are hard coded to use podman. Python3-xml and python3-rpm  are required on the container host for ansible to interact with lib-virt and gather package facts. Kernel-default-base does not contain the needed drivers for many Network Manager (nmcli) operations such as creating bonded interfaces and should be replaced with kernel-default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Podman, python3-lxml and python3-rpm are needed on the container host. The run label commands are hard coded to use podman. Python3-lxml and python3-rpm  are required on the container host for ansible to interact with libvirt and gather package facts. Kernel-default-base does not contain the needed drivers for many Network Manager (nmcli) operations such as creating bonded interfaces and should be replaced with kernel-default.
```

>   * sudo transactional-update pkg install python3-rpm python3-xml kernel-default -kernel-default-base

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * sudo transactional-update pkg install python3-rpm python3-lxml kernel-default -kernel-default-base
```
